Dear Makers,

spring is coming and the Maker scene awakens! That observation is borrowed from a Make: article [1], but it seems to be true - here's another load of news for you:

The biohackers from Biotop e. V. will hold their first workshops of the year on March 18 and 25, 13:30-17:30 at the DAI Makerspace. This time the focus lies on mushroom-based materials: by connecting and strengthening various substrates with fungal "roots", you can get an interesting array of properties. So if you wish to have a glimpse in the future, or you want to add an extra point to your maker skills, or want to grow a biodegradable flower pot/lampshade/coaster/... Join in! Please visit the event page [2] for more information and fill out the online form if you want to participate.

Between the two installments of this double seminar, you are kindly invited to the next Fusion 360 seminar at the CoMakingSpace on March 24, 14:00-17:00.
{details}

Also worth noting, the CoderDojo HD was founded in the beginning of the year and they already have so many interested children that they are desperately looking for additional mentors [3] who are passionate about coding and teaching. Please get in touch with them if that could be you! You don't need to be a perfect programmer, being interested and willing to pick up a few new things should be enough to help the kids :-) They are currently using Scratch and will add Python sessions soon.

Last but not least we are opening for the first time our platform for a big private company. On a general note, we think that is something we should somehow discuss within our community, how our stand is on cooperating with the private industry...
We at the DAI Makerspace we approach by the BASF, or more precisely by there 3D printing sub division. They are based at the „Heidelberg Innovation Labs“ close to the Montpellier bridge, and they are looking for interested young people (with a clear focus on students) who are interested in working for BASF in the field of 3D printing research and development. Any one who is interested should just contact me (Jasper) via my DAI mailadress.
Here are the basic information of the job description:

„Die Deutsche Nanoschicht GmbH, als 100%ige Tochter der BASF New Business GmbH, baut aktuell ein Technikum für 3D-Druck im Innovation Lab in Heidelberg auf. 
o Durch diverse Experimente, Tests und Verfahren arbeiten Sie an Projekten im
3D-Druck mit, um den Aufbau zu unterstützen.
o Sie bedienen und warten die 3D-Druckmaschinen, überprüfen die Qualität und entnehmen Proben.
o Um alle technischen Aspekte sicherzustellen, schaffen Sie Schnittstellen zwischen Kunden, externen Partnern und der BASF.
o Darüber hinaus sammeln, pflegen und werten Sie Prozessdaten aus, um Eigenschaften zwischen 3D-bedruckter Teile, verwendeter Materialien sowie Formulierungen zu interpretieren.
o Dabei achten Sie auf einen sauberen und hygienischen Arbeitsbereich.“

[1] https://www.heise.de/make/meldung/Werkstattberichte-Neues-aus-den-Fablabs-und-der-Makerszene-3960606.html
[2] http://www.biotop-heidelberg.de/event/grow-it-yourself-mushroom-material-workshop-part-1/
[3] https://coderdojohd.github.io/Mentoren.htm
